IHTSDO SNOMED CT Browser includes SNOMED Clinical Terms® (SNOMED CT®) which is
used by permission of the International Health Terminology Standards
Development Organization (IHTSDO). All rights reserved. SNOMED CT® was
originally created by the College of American Pathologists. “SNOMED”, “SNOMED
CT” and “SNOMED Clinical Terms” are registered trademarks of the IHTSDO
(www.ihtsdo.org)

Use of SNOMED CT in IHTSDO SNOMED CT Browser is governed by the conditions of
the following SNOMED CT license issued by the IHTSDO:

1. The meaning of the terms “Affiliate”, or “Data Analysis System”, “Data
Creation System”, “Derivative”, “End User”, “Extension”, “Member”, “Non-Member
Territory”, “SNOMED CT” and “SNOMED CT Content” are as defined in the IHTSDO
Affiliate License Agreement (see on the IHTSDO web site).

2. Information about Affiliate Licensing is available at
http://www.ihtsdo.org/snomed-ct/get-snomed-ct. Individuals or organizations
wishing to register as IHTSDO Affiliates can register at mlds.ihtsdotools.org,
subject to acceptance of the Affiliate License Agreement (see on the IHTSDO web
site).

3. The current list of IHTSDO Member Territories can be viewed at
www.ihtsdo.org/members. Countries not included in that list are "Non-Member
Territories".

4. End Users, that do not hold an IHTSDO Affiliate License, may access SNOMED
CT® using IHTSDO SNOMED CT Browser subject to acceptance of and adherence to
the following sub-license limitations:

a) The sub-licensee is only permitted to access SNOMED CT® using this software
(or service) for the purpose of exploring and evaluating the terminology.

b) The sub-licensee is not permitted the use of this software as part of a
system that constitutes a SNOMED CT "Data Creation System" or "Data Analysis
System", as defined in the IHTSDO Affiliate License. This means that the
sub-licensee must not use IHTSDO SNOMED CT Browser to add or copy SNOMED CT
identifiers into any type of record system, database or document.

c) The sub-licensee is not permitted to translate or modify SNOMED CT Content
or Derivatives.

d) The sub-licensee is not permitted to distribute or share SNOMED CT Content
or Derivatives.

5. IHTSDO Affiliates may use IHTSDO SNOMED CT Browser as part of a "Data
Creation System" or "Data Analysis System" subject to the following conditions:

a) The IHTSDO Affiliate, using IHTSDO SNOMED CT Browser must accept full
responsibility for any reporting and fees due for use or deployment of such a
system in a Non-Member Territory.

b) The IHTSDO Affiliate must not use IHTSDO SNOMED CT Browser to access or
interact with SNOMED CT in any way that is not permitted by the Affiliate
License Agreement.

c) In the event of termination of the Affiliate License Agreement, the use of
IHTSDO SNOMED CT Browser will be subject to the End User limitations noted in
4.

[From https://termbrowser.nhs.uk, accessed 2019-11-21.]
